- [Instructor] In some situations, you may need
to import an existing OAS API definition file
into SwaggerHub.
So for example, we've worked within Swagger
editor to build out the catalog API definition
for H Sports.
Let's say that we're really happy with Swagger
editor but we'd like to graduate
to the collaboration features that we've discovered
within SwaggerHub.
All we need to do is click on file and then go
to save as YAML, and then within our course
workspace directory I'm going to name this YAML
file H Sports dash API dot YAML.
So I'll go ahead and save that, and now we can
navigate over to SwaggerHub and you'll see
the create new option within the left-hand sidebar.
Here we can select the import and document API
menu item, and it allows us via this dialogue
to browse for an API definition.
In this case we're going to grab
our newly-created H Sports dash API dot YAML file.
And then we can select the organization and the visibility.
So I'm going to leave that as H Plus Sport and private.
And then we just click on upload the file
and then we can import the open API definition.
So here we now see our product API
definition file within SwaggerHub and what we can
do is add another object here.
So we're going to add the tags object and then
within the tags object we're going to build out a new tag.
And we'll give this tag the name product.
And then we can provide a description for this tag.
We can say this is a product-related operation
and now we can navigate into our different
operations within the API definition and tag them.
So here we add the tags object underneath
our get operation, and then we can go ahead
and specify that this is related to the product tag.
So we'll just copy that YAML and add it within
each of our operations.
So there we'll apply it to the post.
And then finally we can add it within our get
for the product path.
Okay, and then once our API definition validates
you can see within our documentation we now
get the product tag and all of the end points
with that tag are grouped together in the API docs.
So this is an excellent way that we can organize
our operations within our API documentation,
making them easier to consume for our API clients.